h1. CMS

A project that started as a small bit of code that John Hoover started with for each new website, that has grown into its own CMS system. It was built with the coder in mind, but also makes use of Smarty for the designer.

h2. Requirements/Installing

The requirements are simple. Apache 2+ and PHP 5+. PEAR and Memcache are recommended but not required. The CMS will not work in a sub directory. It must be the root domain or a subdomain. Now to the setup.

* Keeping the directory structure upload the files to your server. Remember, upload them to the directory just outside your public_html. This is important to the setup. Be sure and double check that all hidden files and folders were also uploaded (might have to show hidden files if your OS is hiding them).

* Inside the root folder (where you just uploaded the cms files) create a new directory: .compiled/
Then create another directory inside the .compiled/ and name it: admin/
Both directories should be writeable.

* Open and edit ./inc_config_example.php with your details including database, using the included pear or the pear on your server, turning memcache on or off, etc. Rename this file to ./inc_config.php

* Import the ./database.sql file to your database using phpMyAdmin or your preferred method.

* You can now hit http://yourdomain.com. The backend is at http://yourdomain.com/admin/ and the default login is; user: admin | pass: admin

h2. Developers

John Hoover, "http://defvayne23.com":http://defvayne23.com
James Fleeting, "http://paperkilledrock.com":http://paperkilledrock.com


h2. License

...